<p>
	This artwork is supposed to represent the filtering of emotions by the subconscious and the conscious. The change from raw emotion to our experience of it. The far right panel represents a pure emotive state. It our bodies reaction. We get massive amounts of chaotic sensory information. This panel is supposed to represent that information and the gut reaction to it. The bright orange represents the heat of emotion. The thinness of the lines represents the disparity between each tendril of emotion as well as the fragility of each individual tendril. The random motion of the tendrils represents the indiscernible mess that emotions are before any processing.
</p>
<p>
	The middle panel is a subconscious processing of that emotion. It takes the disorganized mess of sensory information and contextualizes it as feeling. It’s still confusing, hard to understand. Hard to think about but it is more coherent and stable then the crazy raw emotion. I chose a light green as it is calmer. The lines in this panel move in a much more organized way. They move diagonally which symbolize the lack of control we have over subconscious processing f our emotions. They start as line and form loops to symbolize the connections that are made in the subconscious.
</p>
<p>
	The far left panel is the final conscious understanding of our emotion. It is the cerebral experience of articulating emotion. It is a deep calm purple because of the clarity of mind required to really examine yourself. The line here all move down and are much thicker. This symbolizes the collection of various emotions and senses in to singular coherent ideas. They still appear at random places because the grasping for a true description of emotion with language is still a feeble process. They seem to come from nowhere, but all the randomness originates from the original emotive and sensory state of the first panel.
</p>